DOCS-1101: Update to smart machine more broadly (#1863)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/glossary/index.md

weight: 30
type: "docs"
layout: "glossary"

> description: "A glossary that explains smart machine and Viam-specific jargon."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "A glossary that explains robotics and Viam-specific jargon."
```
